# A3Q2a

Given an unweighted directed acyclic graph, we want to find the maximum number of disjoint paths where VERTEX and EDGES must be unique.

We can conver this into a `Max Flow` problem where every edge has a maximum capacity of 1. At each iteration of the algorithm, we find an augmenting path using `Ford's Fulkerson` algorithm. When we find a path, we remove the path and the associated vertexs edge from the graph. We continue this process until we can no longer find any augmenting paths.

How do we prove that this is maximal? We know that the maximum number of disjoint paths that can be made is at most the in degree of the destination `t` since all vertexes used have to be unique.

Would it make sense to upon construction of the graph, if the destination `t` has `n` degrees, we only include 1 edge at each point? This ensures that the BFS that is a part of Ford Fulkerson will find the shortest path as there are no cycles to destination `t`. At every step, we restore 1 more edge to the destination `t` until we either can no longer find any augmenting paths or we have reached all the in degrees.

By ensuring that the augmenting path picked each time is the shortest and hence use the least amount of vertexes, can we say that the algorithm is maximal? 

---

# A3Q2b
We can express a `Max Flow` problem as a `Linear Program.` The objective function can be expressed as
$$
\sum_{v\in V} f_{sv} - \sum_{v\in V} f_{vs}
$$
where the first value is usually 0. This effectively maximises the 

We represent each edge in with a variable $ e_{sa}$, which can be read as edge going from `s` to `a`. To represent the capacity constraint, for each edge $e$ we can say
$$ e_{sa} \le c_{sa} $$
where $ c_{sa} $ refers to the capacity of that edge. Given `x` number of edges, we will naturally have `x` number of linear constraints as well.

In order to represent the flow conversation constraints which states that for any interemediate node, the total flow flowing into a node must be equal to the total flow flowing out of the node, we can establish this as
$$ \sum_{v\in V} e_{va} = \sum_{v\in V} e_{av} $$ 
In a linear program, this equality can be converted into the following two inequalities
$$  \sum_{v\in V} e_{va} \le \sum_{v\in V} e_{av} $$
$$  \sum_{v\in V} e_{va} \ge \sum_{v\in V} e_{av} $$

With all the inequalities above, the linear program can be ran to maximise the sum of flow going intot he sink while subject to all the equalities.

# A3Q2c 

The asymptotic complexity of linear programming is actually exponential with regards to the number of variables, where if `n` is the number of variables then the worst case complexity is $$O(2^n)$$

For each pass of the Ford-Fulkerson algorithm, we perform a BFS to find a possible augmenting path. The complexity of BFS in this case is assumed to be $O(V+E)$. At the worst case, the algorithm will increment the flow by 1 at every iteration, this makes the maximum number of iterations $O(VE)$. Therefore, the worst case complexity of the Ford-Fulkerson algorithm is $$O(VE \cdot (V + E)) =  O(VE^2)$$

Hence, looking at it from a purely asymptotic perspective, the **Ford-Fulkerson algorithm is more efficient than linear programming**. In practice, however the linear programming algorithm using the Simplex algorithm tends to be more efficient. 

---

### References
I chanced upon this very helpful [link](http://www.cs.emory.edu/~cheung/Courses/253/Syllabus/NetFlow/max-flow-lp.html) that guided me through formulating a max flow as a linear problem. From reading this link, I modified and cleaned up my equations above to make it slightly more streamlined.
